[Screen fades in from black]
[Teacher] It is now 7:06
[Student checks watch]
You have exactly 8 hours and 54 minutes to ponder the errors of your ways. Any Questions?
[Rebel] Yeah, does Barry Manalow know that you raid his wardrobe?
[Music Starts]
[Narrator] A brain
A beauty
A jock
A rebel
And a recluse
[squeals]
[Beauty] I can’t believe this is really happening to me
[Narrator] before this day is over, they’ll break the rules
[coughs on cigarette]
[Brain] Cheeks, can I hold this smoke? That’s what it is
[Narrator] Bare their souls
[Recluse] I’m a nymphomaniac
[Brain] Are your parents aware of this?
[Narrator] Take some chances
[Student falls through ceiling]
[Rebel] Being bad feels pretty good, huh?
[Narrator] And touch each other in a way they never dreamed possible
[Rebel] Why’d you do that?
[Beauty] Because I knew you wouldn’t
[Rock music starts playing]
[Narrator] The Breakfast Club
[Characters slide into hallway]
They only met once
[Recluse] I don’t wanna be alone anymore
[Jock] You don’t have to be
[Narrator] But it will change their loves forever
[Brain] I consider you guys my friends. I’m not wrong am I?
[Narrator] Universal Pictures presents
Emilio Estevez
Paul Gleeson
Anthony Michael Hall
Judd Nelson
Molly Ringwald
And Ally Sheedy
In a John Hughs film
[Recluse] Why are you being so nice to me?
[Characters put makeup on each other]
[Beauty] Because you’re letting me
[Screen goes black]
[Narrator] The Breakfast Club
[Credits]